Baseball simulator is the main code that allows us to simulate games
Attached in the folder currently are appropriate files for the Yankees and the Astros from 2019 that can be loaded in the baseball simulator with the program

To Scub for Team Data:
Currently This code scrubs from Baseball refrence and is capable of producing a fully functioning Hitter stat Csv and has almost all of the data needed for 
the Pitcher CSV. Our data is obtained from baseball refrence, however data for number of pitches and GO/AO ratio need to be obtained from MLB.com and as of 
now need to be entered manually in the CSV. We have not been able to interact with the Mlb.com page by clicking a toggle button with our python code.  
The data currently being scrapped from those spots is data from the wrong configuration of the webpage.  For this to happen we would need to interact with Java.

To change the team that you are scrubing for, the user must input the abreviation for the city (Houston would be HOU) in the Url, The year, and at the bottom 
should modify the team name to the desired team name.

To load Teams:
Enter the away and home teams names by mascot for instance the Chicago Cubs would be "Cubs"
This will refrence the .csv file in the folder. Prior to the selecting of teams a seperate srcubbing file can be used to retrive the stats and populate the .csv 
file for each team. Currently the scrub file works for baseball refrence, however data for number of pitches and GO/AO ratio need to be entered manually in the 
CSV as we have not been able to modify the page where we get that data from.


Modes
The simulator will prompt  the user for a mode they wish to run the simulation. There are three modes:
Inning: Plays a half inning then asks the user if they want to switch hitters or batters then advances
AtBat:  simulates each at bat and allows the user to switch pitchers in the middle of the inning
100Game:  simulates 100 games with pitchers lists and hitters list and outputs the result of the 100 games (could also be larger than 100 games if the number is
changed) Future versions may include an input option for the number of games to simulate.


Pitcher Dictionary:
Dictionary of pitcher class objects
Stores all of the data about the pitchers in a dictionary with the players name as the key and the class object as the value paired with the key

Batter Dictionary:
Dictionary of batter class objects
Stores all of the data about the Batters in a dictionary with the players name as the key and the class object as the value paired with the key


Player Selection:
The user is prompted at the begining to select a lineup from members on the respective teams
If the user wants to change the line up or the pitcher during the middle of the game the player can do so in Inning and AtBat mode.
If the 100 game mode is selected pitchers are replaced in the inning after they reach a pitch count higher than their average pitch count.


AtBat function:
The AtBat function calculates the probability of each event occuring. The odds are dependent upon the batter, the pitcher, and the league average.

Half Inning Function:
The half Inning function swithces the teams that are hitting and pitching for each half inning, and includes options for substitutions.
